I think it's good if you are trying to
roofie yourself what's up guys I am Noah
gluten and to my right you will find tea
she is surrounding a small hole where
her liver used to be today we are gonna
make more terrible decisions and see if
we can fill that hole with alcohol
today's market is loopy it is meant to
taste like a certain American breakfast
cereal that has a loop shape and it
spells the word fruit with two O's
Special K alright well let's just get
into it let's not waste anyone's time
Noah picks me up yes ma'am it smells
terrible it's like the sink in a dorm
room yep after a large party yeah I
think the working title for this bottle
is dorm sink
it's very biting like it's not smooth at
all and it doesn't have the same level
of sweetness as a lot of the other 35
has begun to kind of mask it because
usually you're missing the sweetness you
have like sugar vodkas Stockholm
Syndrome I think I do and we'll say it
does remind me of Froot Loops hey
Rodrick vodka I want to be reminded of
being a nine-year-old boy that wanting
breakfast or you can just serve this to
a nine-year-old
breakfast well feed you want to try the
cocktail version of this drink yeah
let's do it
so the cocktail we're having today is a
loopy sour which is loopy vodka
cranberry juice and a splash of lime it
just kind of tastes like cranberry juice
now
I am happy that the cocktail does not
involve milk because while I do enjoy a
White Russian vodka and milk sounds
disgusting
there's only one thing left to feed the
office yep all right close enough
great but with rubbing alcohol it's like
it's like if you're with your waspy mom
like made you a bowl of Froot Loops but
she was too drunk she actually put vodka
in it party time
breakfast cereal flavors you know it
really has that that fruity flavor that
Froot Loops doesn't really have well I
really like that that was a big ol sip
and that's gonna be followed by another
one surprisingly mediocre in the past
with like bubblegum vodkas horrible
aftertaste this aftertaste
loving it this is just funny booze it's
just hard smells like fruit loops has a
hint of the taste of it it almost tastes
like fruity pebbles
rather than
oh my god are we really gonna quibble
over the difference the difference is
the shape it's like perfect for like
seventeen year olds that are just like
transitioning from like cereal to booze
you could use this also to take the
varnish off the furniture so that's
that's good too for those DIY folks out
there I don't know how much I could
drink of this because it is pretty sweet
but I would much rather have this
straight
that's disgusting it's still disgusting
but it's like disgusting in a drinkable
way oh that did make it worse worse how
did that make it worse made it worse
this tastes like like Japanese tween pop
music fully awful Oh way worse than
looking worse than this it rarely
happens mmm I feel like the addition of
cranberry juice and lime dilutes the
essence what is wrong with God to
complain Oh ladka I'll tell you what's
wrong plain old vodka doesn't come with
a tramp stamp like I like this I just
hate the part of me that does like it
also why isn't it like a milk cocktail
like if it tastes like cereal shouldn't
it be like milk and cereal like isn't
that a thing maybe some bananas I'll be
honest you guys usually shovel a bunch
of shitty liquor down my gullet but this
is actually out of all of them agree
yeah
all right so out of all the flavored
vodkas I have to say this is the least
worst by far which isn't saying much if
any of you guys out there are over 21
and have tried any of these vodkas let
us know if you think that this one is in
fact as good as we say it is and by good
I mean less bad than the other ones
which are really really bad thanks for
watching guys I am Noah gluten and
please subscribe to taste it so you can
watch brand new videos of us drinking
things like our new dildo flavored vodka
which you'll be seeing next week tastes
kind of salty it's also not real